# Privacy Policy

Under no circumstances will data be shared with other users. This project is being developed for fun, and I do not wish to profit off of it or its collected data. To voice any concerns, you may [create an issue](https://github.com/Jaxydog/doop/issues) or contact me via Discord.

All stored data -- without exceptions -- must fit within at least one of the categories outlined below. In addition to this, all collected data must be publicly available, collected through user interactions, or generated by the bot.

---

### Required for Bot Functionality

All stored data within this category is necessary for bot functionality.

Without this required data, many bot features would be unable to function properly, such as the mod-mail system, server membership applications, user polls, and role selectors.

### Collected for Record-Keeping

Data within this category is saved for two purposes; to help administrators better moderate their guilds, and to help me improve the bot and its features.

This may include error messages, interaction logs, command results, poll data, mod-mail channel messages, and many other things.

### Collected for Additional Functionality

All data within this category is used for the sole purpose of improving and enriching pre-existing features.

This typically includes the same types of data as record-keeping, and is usually only cached for a limited time.

---

To see exactly what is stored and how it is used, you may view the bot's [source code](https://github.com/Jaxydog/doop), which will always be publicly available.
